joint struggle
Screaming, the students ran away from the training area.

That's it! Get out of here!
This is just too scary, even in my previous life I was a little scared when I came across a golden retriever wandering around without a leash, but now there's a grizzly bear-sized predator staring at me like it's ready to kill me. It's a hundred million times scarier than a golden retriever, it's fear incarnate!

One of the fleeing girls fell, her legs tangled. She was crawling in a panic.
At this, a magical beast leaned forward. As if smiling, it opened its mouth with three rows of pointed fangs.

Right in front of his nose, a gong! The earthen wall rose up with a sound, separating the hexenbiest from the female student.

The demon beast roared grumpily……, and with a swing of its head, it shattered the earthen wall. In the meantime, the fallen female student had gotten up and escaped out of the training area.

The hexenbiest turns its head and glares at us. I can see the dull anger in its all-black eyes.
You understand, don't you? Who's the magic that created the ……mud wall?

Yeah, we're not running. If we all run, he'll come after us from the schoolyard and the school building.

Honestly, I'm so scared! My legs are shaking so badly, I'm in tears because I'm so scared!
It's so different from what you see on your phone screen, there's nothing separating us in the same world, and the killing energy is coming from a giant carnivore. I've never experienced anything like it in my previous life, where predator and prey face each other without a cage or moat.

But I knew it! I was ready for you!
Most of my classmates are fifteen years old. They're just kids. I'm in Alaska, you know. We're adults.
We have to protect it!
That's why I'm not going to run away.



My tutor, Ms. Mardu, gave me this advice in a letter.

'Young lady, as for what to do if you encounter the magical beast you asked about, it is recommended that you first generate a golem as large as possible to intimidate the magical beast if it is earth-based. Depending on the nature of the demonic beast, it will run away instead of defying a creature larger than itself, so we will attempt to do that.

I don't think he's going to run away, though…….
But I'll do it!

I pour magic power into the ground. The earth will respond. Like water gushing from the bottom of a spring, the soil rises up and takes the shape of a person's upper body. It's about the size of a three-story house.
Form a fist and raise it.

A roaring roar was heard from beyond the golem.

The leaping demonic beast smashes the golem's fist, lands on the golem's head, and roars again.
Her eyes looked at Ekaterina as if she were shooting through them.

I glare back.
I'm on a tear, though!

It collapses the golem at once. A clump of earth falls on the fallen magical beast.
However, the magical beast immediately flicked off the clod with a single squirm and took a step forward with its thick paws.

You coming?
Oh, I'm so close, I'm scared!
But I'm coming after you!

A hexenbiest kicked the ground.
That time.

The magic power was tense.

A shimmering shield appeared in front of the magical beast. The dark gray behemoth, which was about three meters long and probably weighed 300 to 400 kilograms, was bounced back by the shield and rolled to the ground.

The shield also falls to the ground, and a chill blows in the air. This shield is ice.
A tall man with light blue hair had appeared at the entrance of the training area.

"Ekaterina!

Big brother!
Wow, you're here!



Seeing a new enemy, the hexenbiest turned to Alexei.

With a strong light in his neon blue eyes, Alexei looked at the magical beast. There was not a trace of fear there. And there was an overwhelming amount of magic power welling up inside him.

Alexei took a swing at him with a right hand.

Boom!

An ice spear appears, piercing through the body of the magical beast.
He did not throw ice to penetrate it, but created it by generating freezing air inside the magical beast with magical power. He was able to perfectly control the difficult magic power and tore the hexenbiest out of its body.

Awesome!
Big brother is strong! He's so cool!

As expected, the hexenbiest staggered.
But as he roared again and shook himself, the ice spear broke. Blue-black blood spurted out, but then stopped.


I remember Dr. Mardu's advice.

"Hexenbiests are completely different from other creatures in that they do not die unless the magical core in their body is destroyed. The magical core is usually located in the heart, but it is not uncommon to find individuals who do not have it. There have been cases of Hexenbiests with magical cores in the tips of their feet or in their tails, etc. If the magical cores cannot be destroyed by attacking the heart, we should give up on destroying them and use some other method to block their movements.
In the first place, it is difficult to destroy the magic core with the magic power of the earth attribute, so it is recommended to lock it in the ground and block its movement.

Alexei's attack would have destroyed the heart, but the magic core would not have been there.
If that's the case, you can lock him in the ground and block his movement. But how can we lock up such an agile guy? I'll have to try!


And. The water from the fountain in the training area spurted high into the air.

A large amount of water poured down from above the hexenbiest's head.
It was frozen in place by Alexei's magic.

 WaterーーYes, speaking of the owner of the magic power of the water attribute.

If you look at the entrance of the training ground, you will see that next to Alexei, Prince Mikhail is still standing with summer sky blue hair. This is the first time I've seen Prince Mikhail with a frighteningly serious expression on his face, and he's standing there radiating magic power that's no less than Alexei's.

Noble &amp; royal super hotties fighting together side by side! It's so hot!
If it weren't for the three-meter-long magical beast that struggled and flailed in front of them, trying to break the ice that covered its head!
I don't care how nice you two are, I'm too scared to look away from the hexenbiest! The earth is shaking!

However, Mikhail is not only supplying water, but every time he breaks the ice that binds the magical beast, he hits it with water like a spear to stagger the huge body of the magical beast, blocking its attacks and trying to close it in ice again. It was an impressive display of magical power control.
Both Alexei and Mikhail probably know how to deal with magical beasts. They even seem to have experience in fighting them.

They both have the highest status in the Imperial Kingdom, so why do they seem to be so experienced? Truly amazing!

I noticed that the ground around the magical beast was completely muddy.
Then...

The mire, which is a mixture of elements other than soil, is difficult to handle, but I muster up my magic power. The mud crawls up the body of the magical beast, and the freezing air freezes it. The hardness of frozen earth is said to be equivalent to that of concrete, and its effectiveness in blocking movement should be greater than that of ice.
He also dodged dirt from underneath the rampaging monster's feet. The beast sinks as if it had fallen into a pit. The soil that the monster avoided was piled on top of the frozen soil faster than the monster could shake it off, turning it into a restraint that did not even allow it to struggle.

Before I knew it, I was breathing on my shoulder. Ugh, it's so hard!
But I can do it. We're almost there.

At some point, the hexenbiest was completely covered in frozen earth all over its body.
I can't move anymore. I can't move.

I've won.
Maybe?

That moment.

Crack! and the sound of cracking echoed through the air.

GOOOOOOOOOOO!

An enraged roar roared, and cracked and shattered frostbite peeled away from the magical beast as it rose to its hind legs.
A huge dark gray body leapt toward Alexei and Mikhail.

Don't do it!

He quickly released his magic power, and an earthen wall rose up in front of them.
 

Butーーas if he had read it, the magical beast descended on the earthen wall, and

He kicked it and leapt to even greater heights.

From that height, he snapped his fangs out and took aim.


She is falling toward Ekaterina.

(E……)

My mind went blank.


The flying type of magical beast cannot be captured by earth magic. Please run or hide.

It's not a flight…….
Doctor, I can't…… do either of them.

The panic caused him to lose control of his magic, and the earthen wall he had built in front of Alexei and the prince collapsed.


Idiot.

I'm a villain.
I'm not the heroine.
There was no way I could compete.

It's just a game.
Like I'm not going to die.
Misunderstanding.

I'm sorry, brother!


As my mind raced with fragmented thoughts, I couldn't take my eyes off the three rows of white fangs as if I were mesmerized.


Suddenly, the cherry blossom color spread out in front of me.

"No!

A tense voice struck my ears.
A white light was emitted from the cherry blossom color.


Flora stood between her and the hexenbiest, her hands outstretched in defense of Ekaterina.
The magical beast was struggling in the air. It was wrapped in a soft white light and was struggling. No matter how much its huge body flailed, the white light did not even flicker.

The movements of the magical beast, which hadn't faltered even after being pierced inside its body, became weak. From its all-black eyes, its anger disappeared, and it seemed to have a clear light in it.

The magical beast, which had already stopped moving, quietly stared at Flora with its eyes.

The white light suddenly disappeared, and with it, the magical beast.
